so first you fry
chicken until the oil become clear when
when you fry meat like pork or chicken
and if oil is not clear that means that
that smell is inside the oil its Liggett
so it's not clear but when the liket all
the liquid is operate then the oil
doesn't contain liquid so the oil look
clear
so you fry up the chicken until the oil
look clear and then you put
boil our data and then you put Japanese
sake
about this and when you use frying pan
and you try eat duck chicken or then
then this next thing sneaked into the to
the pan contains a lot of amino acid
which is source of umami
so diabete which does definitely tell
that a final food contains all good
Amina
so then you put boiling water so the
taro potato 80% of television are
covered by water and you do it for 20
minutes and that's how to tip how to
move this fish I personally think it's
more delicious if you eat cooled one you
just cooked it and you leave it and you
put it in regenerator or two or three
hours and then the tyro potato gets the
taste and to the to the inside there
inside so it's it's delicious when hot
as well but I think the cold when it's
cool this refrigerator it tastes even
better so